> # This README contains the answers to Module 9's homework questions.

## Part 1 - Short-Answer Questions

#### _a) Since WebSockets are a full duplex connection, two-way ?????? communication is possible._

real-time

#### _b) True or False: Background tasks allow operations to continue even when the app isn't in the foreground._

True - tasks assigned to URLSessions with a background configuration allow some network operations to continue, even when the app isn't in the foreground.

#### _c) The main difference from a download when using URLSession's asynchronous method is how you used a ??????._

I don't really understand the phrasing of this question.

I think the answer is `await keyword`  (but then the question should read "how you used **an**", not "how you used **a**").

#### _d) True or False: The urlSessionDidFinishEvents method is mandatory for the URLSessionDelegate._

False - URLSessionDelegate has no required methods.

#### _e) One type of socket is the ?????? socket, which is used to stream data in sequential order._

stream sockets

#### _f) When creating an upload task, you generate a ?????? and then add any additional headers._

`URLRequest`

#### _g) True or False: Background downloads are guaranteed to be completed within a certain time after the app is backgrounded._

False

#### _h) The method urlSessionDidFinishEvents is an optional method of ?????? that gets called when all events have been delivered for your background URLSession._

`URLSessionDelegate`

#### _i) Uploads are typically made using HTTP requests that require a request body by way of a ?????? or a ?????? HTTP method._

`POST` or a `PUT` HTTP method 

#### _j) URLSession supports background transfers when created using a background session configuration object that has a(n) ??????._

identifier

#### _k) Without WebSockets, your client app would have to ?????? the server periodically to know if new data is available._

poll / query

#### _l) True or False: App Transport Security mandates that connections be HTTPS, not HTTP._

True

#### _m) True or False: WebSockets are useful only when communicating between a client and a server and not between multiple clients._

False

#### _n) True or False: A status code other than 200 in the HTTP response post-login indicates a successful login attempt._

False

#### _o) When a session task needs authentication and valid credentials are not available, the session initiates an ?????? challenge._

authentication challenge

#### _p) True or False: If you set exceptions to ATS, the App Store does not need any justification for those exceptions._

False

#### _q) If your app connects to a server that doesn’t meet the ATS requirements, you can add an exception for its domain in your ?????? file._

`Info.plist`

#### _r) To bypass the restriction of loading certain sites, you can add an ?????? exception._

`App Transport Security Settings` exception in the 'Exception Domains' dictionary in your `Info.plist` file.

#### _s) True or False: If a server’s certificate is invalid, the recommended practice is to always accept it._

False

#### _t) A cookie is a small ?????? file generated by a server to identify a user._

text

#### _u) A session cookie expires after several ??????._

A session cookie is designed to expire after a user's session ends (eg. when the web browser is closed). A maximum age or expiry attribute can be added to a cookie. The browser can also affect how long a session cookie lasts.

Thus, there is no definite time after which a session cookie expires.

[From Mozilla MDN Web Docs:](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies)
> Session cookies – cookies without a Max age or Expires attribute – are deleted when the current session ends. The browser defines when the "current session" ends, and some browsers use session restoring when restarting. This can cause session cookies to last indefinitely.

#### _v) A stored cookie can track the user’s ?????? to indicate usability issues._

behaviour / interactions

## Part 2 - Programming Assignment
See Xcode project with additional README in project folder.


## Part 3 - Above & Beyond
See Xcode project with additional README in project folder.
