# Pic Prowler

### Kodeco iOS Bootcamp Module 9 Homework Assignment

Module 9's homework required us to create an app from scratch to query the Pexels picture API and had some specific requirements for parts 2 & 3.

#### _Part 2 Requirements_

[✓] The app’s main screen should display the results (none on the first start) and a search bar.

[✓] When the user taps the enter key on the keyboard, the app should display the results.

[✓] When the user taps on one of the results, the app should display another screen and download the image in the background.

[✓] The user can return to the search screen by clicking the back button.

[✓] A model is used to decode the JSON returned from the API.

[✓] A Store object that performs the fetching of the JSON and images.

[✓] A view with a search box that displays the search results.

[✓] A view that displays the image selected by the user.

[✓] Async/Await must be used, and the images must be downloaded in the background.

[✓] Display the large or large2x versions of the photos.

- Note: Medium images are used for the search view, while the large2x version is downloaded for the detail view.

#### _Part 3 Requirements_

[✓] Show a progress indicator when downloading the images.

- Note: A progress indicator is shown when downloading the large detail image.

#### _Additional Non-Requirement Features_

[✓] Used the new Observation Framework in iOS 17+. 

[✓] Tried to add some styling to create a more unique app appearance (I am definately not a designer!! 🤪)

[✓] Added a custom handwriting font.

[✓] Took measures to ensure the Pexels API key was not hardcoded into the app:

    - The user must enter the API key in the app; or
    - Developers can enter the API key as an Environment Variable for easy use with Canvas and Simulator.

[✓] Ability to continue searching to the next page of photos (if available).

[✓] Followed the Pexels API guidelines with appropriate attribution on search and photo pages (with clickable links to the Pexels website).

[✓] Launch screen.

[✓] Used an asset catalog with autogenerated color names for color constants.

[✓] Created an App Icon (with assistance from Illustrator with AI).

[✓] Customised the progress bar (using an animation of the Owl from the App's icon).

~~[✓] Created a generic SwiftUI-only "zoomable" view - that can scale contained content using a pinch gesture.~~

- ~~Note: This is buggier than I would like and somewhat difficult to implement quite nicely in SwiftUI. If I were to ship this in production, I would actually wrap a UIKit UIScrollView and use the built-in `zoomScale` properties and gestures to create a more robust (and more easily implemented) solution.~~

[✓] As I was unhappy with the previously implemented "native" SwiftUI ZoomView, I reimplemented a generic SwiftUI "zoomable" view wrapped around UIKit's UIScrollView. This has removed the glitches that I was unhappy with and created a more robust implementation. This new generic zoomable view is called `ZoomableView`. The previous "native" SwiftUI implementation has been kept in the code for reference as `ZoomView`.

[✓] Used the average background color provided by the Pexels photo object for placeholders while downloading in the search view and as part of the background gradient in the detail view.

[✓] Used new Observation Framework iOS17+ 

[✓] Added custom handwriting font

[✓] Took measures to ensure the Pexels API key was not hardcoded into the App:

    - the user must enter the API key in the app; or
    - developers can enter the API key as an Environment Variable for easy use with canvas and simulator.

[✓] Ability to continue to search to next page of photos (if available).

[✓] Followed the Pexels API guidelines with appropriate attribution on search and photo pages (with clickable links to the Pexels web site).

[✓] Launch screen

[✓] Used asset catalog with autogenerated color names for color constants.

[✓] Created an App Icon (with assistance from Illustrator with AI).

[✓] Customised progress bar (using an animation of the Owl from the App's icon).

[✓] Created a generic SwiftUI-only "zoomable" view - that can scale contained content using a pinch gesture.

- Note: this is buggier than I would like - and somewhat difficult to implement quite nicely in SwiftUI.  If I were to ship this in production, I would actually wrap a UIKit `UIScrollView` and use the built in `zoomScale` properties and gesture recognizers to create a more robust (and more easily implemented) solution.

[✓] Used average background color provided by the Pexel photo object for placeholders while downloading in the search view and as part of the background gradient in the detail view.